the Nissan GTR can get to 60 miles an
hour faster than a Ferrari f430 and it
can lap the Nurburgring launched like
that in less time than a 911 turbo in
fact the GTR has become the new
performance car benchmark but the
problem with benchmarks is that they're
there to be beaten and Mitsubishi
reckons that it's Evo FQ 400 is in with
a chance of taking the GTRs crown
it's the maddest baddest and fastest Evo
that mitsubishi has ever built
so I sorry we nice shirt Mike you are an
idiot I've come to this deserted test
track to see which of these Japanese
rice Rockets is the fastest we've
devised three tests which would put both
cars through their paces will test their
performance on the test their handling
and finally we'll see which car has the
most outright grip first up a simple
nought to 100 back to north test
and not only did I get to a hundred
quicker but he's come past me so this is
stopped quicker I lost that to a tree
cutter
so it's first blood to the GTR let's see
how they get on in the handling test
which will be a slalom against the rock
climber standing starts first up the Evo
the Evo set an impressive targets on a
fourteen point zero eight seconds now
let's see what the gt-r can do
the lights are smaller and more nimble
Evo proved too quick for the beefy GTR
bringing the scores to one apiece not a
word you not a word because there's
still the third and final test to do the
G test which one of these will pull the
most G through a corner come on loser to
do this we use the VI monitor which
points directly into both cars
diagnostic ports giving us an accurate G
readouts both cars are four-wheel drive
but with a 485 horsepower v6 under its
bonnet the GTRs 193 mile an hour top
speed should give it the edge but the
Evo's 409 horsepower isn't to be sniffed
at below it's a hundred and fifty five
mile an hour top speed can't match the
GTRs which trap tires mean that this
decisive test should be approached wrong
now I'm not surprised that the myths of
issue 1 the slalom attest 200 kilos
lighter and it's a whole lot smaller
than my GTR
I reckon I'm gonna win this fish with
all its technical gadgets and gizmos and
its nitrogen-filled tires the GTR pulled
1.69 G over to the Mitsubishi now to be
honest I'm a little bit worried about
this one Vickers then this and GT nerd
does have an awful lot of grip but I've
got super sticky Toyo tires on so we'll
give it a crack
1.61 gee impressive but not enough to
match the sheer grit of the GTR two
against one it's faster off the line it
stops better it generates more G through
the corners which means it's quicker
through the corners it's a faster car
okay I admit that the GTR is the faster
car but the Evo did win the handling
test it just feels alive responsive to
everything you do plus it's got a proper
gearbox our tests suggest that the GTR
is the better car and in terms of raw
pace it is but it's so much more
clinical than the Evo and that's
reflected in the driving experience the
Mitsubishi is so much more engaging its
pinpoint sharp and coupled up to it's
short shift manual gearbox it will leave
your head reaching for the GTR keys but
your heart reaching for the Evo's